# Good Mighty Engineers (24) - Discussion Meeting 5/17/2021

### Meeting held over Zoom at 5:30PM

**Members Present**: Aneesha, Emma, Shane, Prashanth, Younghyun, Ly, Nicholas

**Members Absent**: Vardhan

**Agenda**:
- Discuss progress
- Review agenda for the coming week

**Notes**:
- For future videos, have similar camera positions for consistency
- Don't need to store information with Firebase, could use local storage
- Start writing user stories for sprint tasks and assign points

**Decisions**:  
N/A

**Action Items**:  
- Polish UI (by Mon 5/26)
- Have a couple people attend discussion to get feedback on design (on Thurs 5/20)
- Write a couple mock tests over the weekend (by Mon 5/26)


### Meeting finished at 6:00PM