# Good Mighty Engineers (24) - Progress Update Meeting 5/25/2021

### Meeting held over Zoom at 5:30PM

**Members Present**: Aneesha, Shane, Prashanth, Ly, Vardhan, Nicholas

**Members Absent**: Emma, Younghyun

**Agenda**:
- Ask questions that came up in meeting earlier today

**Notes**:  
*Questions for Deepak*:
- How should user points be assigned?
  - See links to previous projects for examples
- What does he recommend to use as storage?
  - Use local storage
- Should we implement feedback about including a daily view?
  - Yes, consider having weekly view to the right side and daily view on the left
- Do we need to support a mobile view?
  - No
- Do we need to make another video for the pipeline?
  - No

**Decisions**:  
N/A

**Action Items**:  
N/A

### Meeting finished at 6:00PM